Update AS/TS template files & fix typo in `start-with-rest`'s `getting-started.md` (#20)
apollographql/rover-init-starters: start-with-typescript/getting-started.md

> 👋 Hi there! The following guide walks you through building a subgraph–a service in a federated architecture–with Apollo Server and TypeScript.

Reviewer: Suggesting adding some info here in hopes of clarify what a subgraph is and why you would want to build one. (Split everything into smaller sentences though to maintain readability.)

WDYT?

```suggestion
👋 Hi there! This guide walks you through building a _subgraph_ with Apollo Server and TypeScript. A subgraph is an individual GraphQL service in a federated architecture called a _supergraph_. This architecture lets different teams independently develop and deploy parts of the supergraph while maintaining a unified experience for clients.
```

Author: I love this, Maria! It's still concise and to the point, but provides a ton of context right away.

- [Setup](#setup)
  - [Make your first request](#make-your-first-request)
  - [Components of a GraphQL server](#components-of-a-graphql-server)
    - [The schema](#the-schema)
    - [Resolvers](#resolvers)
    - [The server](#the-server)
  - [Type safety](#type-safety)
- [Time to build your API](#time-to-build-your-api)
- [Debugging your schema](#debugging-your-schema)
  - [Design your schema with Apollo’s IDE extensions](#design-your-schema-with-apollos-ide-extensions)
  - [Check for errors each time you save](#check-for-errors-each-time-you-save)
- [Publishing your changes to GraphOS Studio](#publishing-your-changes-to-graphos-studio)
- [Security](#security)
- [Additional resources](#additional-resources)
  - [More on GraphQL API development](#more-on-graphql-api-development)
  - [More on federation](#more-on-federation)
  - [Deploying your GraphQL API](#deploying-your-graphql-api)

# Setup

> ## Make your first request

Reviewer: Suggestion for adding a space for readability.

```suggestion
## Make your first request

```

1. Open `products.graphql` and take a look at your starter schema.

> 2. In the terminal, run the `rover dev` command shown under `Next steps` to start a development session. This gives you access to Apollo Sandbox—a local, in-browser GraphQL playground, where you can run GraphQL operations and test your API as you design it.

Reviewer: Same suggestion for consistency.

```suggestion
2. In the terminal, run the `rover dev` command provided in the output of `rover init` under **Next steps**. The `dev` command starts a local development session and gives you access to Apollo Sandbox—a local, in-browser GraphQL playground, where you can run GraphQL operations and test your API as you design it.
```

3. In Sandbox, paste the following GraphQL query in the Operation section:

```
query GetProducts {
  products {
    id
    name
    description
  }
}
```

> 4. Click  `► GetProducts` to run the request. You'll get a response back with data for the product's id, name, and description; exactly the properties we asked for in our query! 🎉

Reviewer: Suggestion to keep consistent with REST `getting-started.md`

```suggestion
4. Click  `► GetProducts` to run the request. You'll get a response back with data for the product's id, name, and description; exactly the properties you asked for in our query! 🎉
```

## Components of a GraphQL server

> ### The schema

Reviewer: It feels a little strange to explain this _after_ we've instructed folks to look at the `products.graphql` file in ## Make your first request.

This section `## Components of a GraphQL server` also feels a bit like a file manifest--something I would be interested in reading earlier. I think we could also add a oneliner below `## Components of a GraphQL server` that ties this concept of a file overview/manifest to the components of a GraphQL server.

Author: I definitely see what you mean about the ordering of these sections! I've:

- Moved this to the top
- Added a short description
- Called out file names
- Reworded the server section

Let me know what you think, and please feel _super_ free to modify it further if you think we could be even clearer/tidier! ❤️

The schema describes what data is available, how it’s structured, and how it can be requested or modified. It’s written using GraphQL’s Schema Definition Language (SDL), which lets you define the shape and capabilities of an API in a clear, type-safe way that is also backend-agnostic.

You can find the schema for this project in `products.graphql`.

### Resolvers
A resolver function populates the data for a particular field in the schema. Resolvers are defined in a resolvers map that follows the hierarchy of the schema.

You can find the resolvers for this project in `src/resolvers`. Each file corresponds to a type in your schema.

### The server

> Where the GraphQL server is configured and started. 

Reviewer: This line doesn't fit in with the rest of the descriptions.

Instead, it seems to stem from a need to explain what `src/index.ts` is. I wonder if we could lead with the file names and explain what each of them does to make this more natural.

You can find the server in `src/index.ts`.

> ## Type safety

Reviewer: This `##` section feels like a bit of an outlier to me. Is there anything important a user should know/do based on this?

Author: This section is all about highlighting the `Codegen` portion and why it's included. Are you thinking it might work better elsewhere? I could also see us removing it from here in favor of featuring it more prominently in the `Time to build your API` section instead!

The [GraphQL Code Generator](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/codegen) reads in a GraphQL schema and generates TypeScript types we can use throughout our server. It keeps our TypeScript types from getting outdated as we make changes to the schema, allowing us to focus on developing it rather than constantly updating type definitions.

# Time to build your API

You’re all set to start building. You'll be working primarily with the `products.graphql` file.

First, make sure you’ve installed and configured your [IDE extension of choice](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/schema-design/ide-support) so you can rely on its autocompletion, schema information, and syntax highlighting features.

Then, follow the development cycle below:
1. Define the types and fields in the schema.
2. Write the resolver function(s) that provide the data for those types and fields.
3. Run operations and debug your API following the instructions in the section below.

> 📓 **Note:** The GraphQL Code Generator has been automatically set up and configured for you. If you update your schema, run `npm run codegen` to ensure your generated types are up to date as well.

Reviewer: Ah—here's what folks need to know. I think there's a way to add the CodeGen section above into this so it doesn't feel like a floating tidbit.

Author: I removed the `Type safety` section and tried to incorporate some of that content into this **Note**. Let me know what you think!

Reviewer: This looks great!

# Debugging your schema
The Apollo dev toolkit includes a few debugging tools to help you design and develop your GraphQL API. The journey looks a little something like this:

1. Design your schema with Apollo’s IDE extensions
2. Check for errors each time you save
3. Rinse and repeat until you're happy with your API!

## Design your schema with Apollo’s IDE extensions
Apollo’s IDE extensions are designed to help you catch and correct any issues related to schema design as early as possible. Lean on their instant feedback and autocomplete capabilities to help you create types, fields, arguments, and connectors.

## Check for errors each time you save
With `rover dev`, Rover starts watching your files for updates. Every time you make a change, Rover checks to see if the schema is valid. You can think of it as “hot-reloading” for your GraphQL schema. [More details about the dev command](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/rover/commands/dev).

> # Publishing your changes to GraphOS Studio
> 
> When you publish a schema to GraphOS, it becomes part of your schema’s version history and is available for checks, composition, and collaboration. When you run `init`, Rover publishes your schema to GraphOS. 
> 
> Once you’ve made changes to your schema files and are happy with the state of your API, or if you’d like to test the experience of publishing schema changes to GraphOS Studio, paste and run the following command in your terminal:

Reviewer: Suggestion for consistency with REST `getting-started.md`

```suggestion
# Publishing changes to GraphOS Studio

When you publish a schema to GraphOS, it becomes part of your schema’s version history and is available for checks, composition, and collaboration. When you run `rover init`, GraphOS takes care of your first publish for you.

Once you’ve made changes to your schema files and are happy with the state of your API, or if you’d like to test the experience of publishing schema changes to GraphOS Studio, paste and run the following command in your terminal:
```

# Additional resources

## More on GraphQL API development
- [GraphQL basics](https://graphql.com/learn/what-is-graphql/)
- [How does a GraphQL server work?](https://graphql.com/learn/how-does-graphql-work/)
- [Introduction to Apollo Server](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server)
- [Introduction to Apollo Federation](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/schema-design/federated-schemas/federation)
- [Schema Design with Apollo GraphOS](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/schema-design)
- [IDE support for schema development](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/schema-design/ide-support)

## More on federation
- [Tutorial: Federation with TypeScript & Apollo Server](https://www.apollographql.com/tutorials/intro-typescript)
- [More educational materials covering TypeScript and Federation](https://www.apollographql.com/tutorials/browse/?categories=federation&languages=TypeScript)
- [Entities in Apollo Federation](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/schema-design/federated-schemas/entities/intro)

> ## Deploying your GraphQL API

Reviewer: To make this distinct from "GraphQL API development" should we call this the "graph":

```suggestion
## Deploying your graph
```

(Would also change in REST `getting-started` then.
